
INTRODUCTION

Infosec Overview

In a nutshell, infosec is the practice of protecting data from unauthorized access,
changes, unlawful use, disruption, etc.

CIA Triad
C - confidentiality
I - Integrity
A - Availability (of data)

Risk Management Process

Data protection must focus on efficient yet effective policy implementation 
without negatively affecting an organization's business operations and 
productivity.

To Achieve this, organizations must follow a process called risk management process.

Steps                   Explanation  
Identifying the Risk    Identifying the risks the business is exposed to, such
                        as legal, environmental, market, regulatory, and other
                        types of risks
Analyze the Risk        Analyzing the risks to determine their impact and
                        probability. The risks should be mapped to the organization's
                        policies, procedures, and business processes
Evaluate the Risk       Evaluating, ranking, and prioritizing risks. Then, the 
                        organization must decide to accept (unavoidable),
                        avoid (change plans), control (mitigate), or 
                        transfer risk (insure)
Dealing with Risk       Eliminating or containing the risks as best as possible.
                        This is handled by interfacing directly with the 
                        stakeholders for the system or process that the risk
                        is associated with
Monitoring Risk         All risks must be constantly monitored. Risks should be
                        constantly monitored for any situational changes that
                        could change their impact score

SETUP

Getting Started with a Pentest Distro

ISO
Optical Disc Image - a file that is essentially a CD-ROM that can be mounted 
    within a hypervisor to build the VM

OVA
Open Virtual Appliance - a pre-built virtual appliance 

Connecting Using VPN

A Virtual Private Network allows us to connect to a private network and access
hosts and resources as if we were directly connected to the target private network.

Connecting to HTB VPN

If we type ifconfig in a terminal we'll see a tun adapter

Typing netstat -rn will show us the networks accessible via the VPN

PENTESTING BASICS

Common Terms

Shell

On a Linux system, a shell is a program that takes input from the user via the
keyboard and passes these commands to the operating system to perform a specific
function.

Shell Connections

Shell Type      Description
Reverse Shell   Initiates a connection back to a "listener" on our attack box
Bind Shell      "Binds" to a specific port on the target host and waits for a 
                connection from out attack box
Web Shell       Runs operating system commands via a web browser, tipically not
                interactive or semi-interactive. It can also be used to run single
                commands

Ports

Virtual points where network connections begin and end.
Each port is assigned a number and many are standardized.

There are two categories of ports: 
    TCP - Transmission Control Protocol 
    UDP - User Diagram Protocol

TCP
    Reliable and connection-based.
    Data arrives in order and is checked for errors.
    Used for websites, emails, file transfers...
    Connection-oriented. A connection between the client and the server must be
    established before the data is sent.
    The server must be in a listening state awaiting requests from clients.

UDP
    Unreliable and connectionless.
    No guarantee that data arrives or is in order.
    Faster but less reliable.
    Use for streaming, gaming, voice calls...
    There is no "handshake".

Web Server

Is an application that runs on the back-end server, which handles all the HTTP 
traffic from the client-side browser, routes it to the requests destination
pages, and finally respondes to the client-side browser.

OWASP TopTen

Standardized list of the top 10 web application vulnerabilities.

Category                    Description
Broken Access Control       Restrictions are not appropriately implemented to 
                            prevent users from accessing other user's accounts,
                            viewing sensitive data, accessing unauthorized functionalities,
                            modifying data, etc.
Cryptography Failures       Failures related to cryptography which often lead to 
                            sensitive data exposure or system compromise
Injection                   User-supplied data is not validated, filtered, or
                            sanitized by the application.
Insecure Design             Happens when the application is not designed
                            with security in mind
Security Misconfiguration   Missing appropriate security hardening 
                            across any part of the application stack,
                            insecure default configurations, open
                            cloud storage, verbose error messages
                            which disclose too much information
Vulnerable and Outdated     Using components (both client-side and
Components                  server-side) that are vulnerable,
                            unssuported, or out of date
Identification and          Authentication-related attacks that
Authentication Failures     target the user's identity, authentication
                            and session management
Software and Data           Relate to code and infrastucture that
Integrity Failures          does not protect against integrity violations.
                            Example: reliance upon plugins, libraries
                            from untrusted sources.
Security Logging and        To help detect, escalate, and respond
Monitoring Failures         to active breaches.
Server-Side Request         Occurs whenever a web application is
Forgery                     fetching a remote resource without 
                            validating the user-suplied URL

Basic Tools

Using SSH

Secure Shell is a network protocol that runs on port 22 by default
and provides users such as system administrators a secure way to
access a computer remotely.

Netcat

Is an utility for interacting with TCP/UDP ports.
Primarily used to connect to shells.

Banner Grabbing
Used to gather information about a service by connecting to it and 
reading the initial response it sends.

Service Scanning

Web Enumeration

Public Exploits

Types of Shells

Privilege Escalation

GETTING STARTED WITH HACK THE BOX (HTB)

Staring Out

Navigating HTB

ATTACKING YOUR FIRST BOX

Nibbles - Enumeration

Nibbles - Web Footprint

Nibbles - Initial Foothold

Nibbles - Privilege Escalation

Nibbles - Alternate User Method - Metasploit

PROBLEM SOLVING

Common Pitfalls

Getting Help

WHAT'S NEXT?

Next Steps

Knowledge Check