1 - Connect
    Once again, I connected via OpenVPN.

2 - Spawn Machine
    Same as before, just generate the ip address.
    Mine was: 10.129.139.228.
    Your's will be different.

Task 1 - What does the 3-letter acronym FTP stand for?
    A quick google search will show you it stand for File Transfer Protocol.
    Flag: file transfer protocol

Task 2 - Which port does the FTP service listen on usually? 
    Again, a quick google search will show you the standard port is 21.
    Flag: 21

Task 3 - FTP sends data in the clear, without any encryption. What acronym is used for a later protocol designed to provide similar 
    functionality to FTP but securely, as an extension of the SSH protocol?
    If you completed the suggested modules or did a quick search you'd find out it's called sftp.
    Flag: sftp

Task 4 - What is the command we can use to send an ICMP echo request to test our connection to the target? 
    Flag: ping

Task 5 - From your scans, what version is FTP running on the target? 
    A nmap scan with the flag -sV (stands for service version) will get the information needed.
    nmap -sV 10.129.139.228
    The result is:
        PORT: 21/tcp
        STATE: open
        SERVICE: ftp
        VERSION: vsftpd 3.0.3
    Flag: vsftpd 3.0.3

Task 6 - From your scans, what OS type is running on the target? 
    The previous command also showed: Service Info: OS: Unix
    Flag: unix

Task 7 - What is the command we need to run in order to display the 'ftp' client help menu?
    ftp -? (ftp -h would have achieved the same result)
    Flag: ftp -?

Task 8 - What is username that is used over FTP when you want to log in without having an account?
    Check the hint and you'll guess it's: anonymous
    Flag: anonymous

Task 9 - What is the response code we get for the FTP message 'Login successful'? 
    If you attempt to connect with username 'anonymous' and no password, once you successfully connect, you'll receive a 230 code.
    Flag: 230

Task 10 - There are a couple of commands we can use to list the files and directories available on the FTP server. One is dir. 
What is the other that is a common way to list files on a Linux system.
    Flag: ls

Task 11 - What is the command used to download the file we found on the FTP server? 
    Flag: get 

Submit root flag:
    Once connected, use the ls command.
    The only content available is a flag.txt file.
    You can't cat the file through the ftp connection, via terminal.
    Download the file using the command: get flag.txt
    Once downloaded, go ahead exit with the command: exit
    Cat the file with the command: cat flag.txt
    Flag: 035db21c881520061c53e0536e44f815